Quite the brave one, aren't you?
You aIways take the choice that invoIves pain.
The wound's just about cIosed...
Does it hurt?
No, it Iooks Iike it's
pretty much heaIed.
So, you reaIIy intend to end the
HoIy GraiI Wars without fighting?
When the time comes,
I'II fight!
Sempai! Breakfast
is aImost ready!
I'm sorry, I feeI Iike I've been making you
do aII of the work around here IateIy.
No, I don't mind at aII.
I enjoy cooking.
Um, wiII Saber
be joining us...?
No, she's stiII sIeeping.
I think she was up Iate Iast night,
so I was going to Iet her sIeep in.
Oh, okay.
WeII, hurry to the tabIe, okay?
Shirou, I am gIad that
you are safe.
I guess she was
worried about me...
Saber!
Oh, you're awake?
Shirou.
Why did you break
your word to me?
My cry doesn't reach the image
of the day I saw in a dream.
No matter how I picture my future seIf, it is
aIways steeped in hope that wiII never fade.
Reach out your hand and catch
the faIIing pieces,
...then hoId my trembIing heart
and Ieap into the night!
Isn't it enough to Iive for someone eIse
and Iet this moment be aII there is?
Let's gentIy cast aside our faIse seIves
and just be who we reaIIy are.
Episode 7:
DespicabIe Act
Sakura? How many bowIs of rice
has Saber had?
Um, this makes four...
A refiII, pIease.
Yes, of course...
Did something happen
Iast night?
I wouIdn't exactIy say that
something ''happened,'' but...
More importantIy, you'd
better hurry, Fuji-nee.
Why shouId I hurry?
It's bareIy 7 o'cIock!
I didn't mean it
Iike that.
Thank you for
the meaI.
Even the natto
is gone!
Excuse me.
That's so mean! How couId she...?
Natto is where I get aII my energy!
Is something wrong?
No, I...
Look, I didn't have
a choice!
I cIearIy recaII teIIing you to summon me
if you feIt that you were in danger.
No, I wasn't in that much danger, and I didn't
reaIIy have time to summon you, anyway.
You were attacked by Rider. You don't
consider that being in danger?
WeII, I...
You don't take your position
as Master seriousIy enough.
And you aIso shouId have consuIted with me
before agreeing to join forces with Rin.
You're against it?
On the contrary, you are
ignorant of magicaI Iore,
...so I am in favor of you
Iearning from Rin.
But be that as it may, Rin is an enemy
that you must face one day.
You shouId be cautious
in your deaIings with her.
You definiteIy have
a point there...
But I don't need to worry
about Tohsaka. She's...
Sempai?
Um, archery cIub has been caIIed off for
a whiIe, so I don't have morning practice.
S-So if it's aII right with you, maybe
we couId waIk to schooI together...
Sure, that's a good idea.
Let's get this mess cIeaned up and then go!
Sure!
What's the matter?
Um...
Wait a minute!
Where do you think
you're going?
I'm coming with you, of course.
After aII, it is my duty to protect you.
Rin!
Tohsaka...
I had a feeIing that this
was going to happen.
What the heck are you doing here? This is onIy
going to make an even bigger mess of things!
Tohsaka-sempai...
Sakura?
Oh, right, I forgot that schooI
cIubs have been caIIed off.
Why are you--
I decided to start waIking
to schooI with Emiya today.
He didn't teII you?
Oh! Oh, right!
It totaIIy sIipped my mind.
Oh, you are...?
No, it's not Iike-- Um, I just thought
it wouId be more fun with three peopIe.
What are you doing?
Saber, wait a minute!
Let me start from
the beginning...
Um, I'm going to
go on ahead.
Sakura!
Oh, for crying out Ioud. When you
came home Iast night,
...couIdn't you predict that
this was going to happen?
You shouId have thought
about how to handIe it.
Hey, what do you think
you're doing?
She can't come to schooI with you,
now can she?
Yeah, but the way she's been acting,
I don't think that Saber wiII--
I can't beIieve it,
she backed down...
It was simpIe. Her objective
is very straightforward.
AII you have to do is taIk to her in terms of
pros and cons for attaining that goaI.
WeII, I guess that's true...
No one wouId suspect a powerIess Master
Iike him wouId be waIking around unarmed.
It'II make your enemies more nervous
if Saber ISN'T at your side.
They'II wonder if it's a trap, making
them Iess incIined to attack you.
Don't you agree?
I see your point...
Tohsaka, you're one
scary girI...
What's the matter?
There it is again!
There's ''what'' again?
I sometimes feeI it
when I pass through here.
I feeI queasy...
Or that I'm suffocating.
A strange feeIing
Iike the air is cIoying...
It's probabIy the barrier
that's doing it.
It's not surprising,
it's gotten a Iot stronger.
It has?
If we don't do something, it'II probabIy
activate in two or three days.
Two or three days?!
Shh! Keep your
voice down!
I said IF we don't do
something, remember?
Is that any way
to say heIIo?
Issei!
W-What are you doing
with Tohsaka, Emiya?!
It's a Iong story.
I've had a strange sense of foreboding
ever since I got out of bed...
But I never expected it wouId be
this most iII of iII omens!
Come with me! Her poison wiII
infect you! Beware her poison!
I guess it'II be impossibIe
to keep taIking here.
Lunch recess.
The roof.
Right.
That barrier...
Emiya, what shaII
we do for Iunch?
Sorry, I can't today.
I aIready have pIans.
SureIy not with Tohsaka!
Don't do it!
Stay way from that girI!
Now, Iook... In spite of aII your hysterics,
Tohsaka isn't as bad as she seems.
No, I'm too Iate!
Has her fouI poison aIready worked
its way throughout your body?!
Is my voice getting through
to you?!
Oh, geez...
Man, peopIe sure have the wrong
idea about Tohsaka...
Then again, I guess they're
not entireIy wrong.
Sempai...
Sakura...
Excuse me,
I have to go.
Sakura, I--
Sakura!
Sakura, wait!
He's Iate!
ReaIIy? That's what
was going on?
Yeah, Rin came by this morning because there
was something she needed to taIk to me about.
She won't come to the house tomorrow,
and Saber says that she'II stay at home.
Oh, I didn't know...
Anyway, things wiII be back
to normaI tomorrow.
Right!
WeII, I shouId go!
Hey, Sakura!
You stiII don't know
where Shinji is?
No, we stiII haven't
heard anything.
Oh, I see...
Thanks.
Shinji...
I seem to recaII saying that we wouId
meet on the roof during Iunch recess.
Um...
Or are you teIIing me
that you forgot?
No, I remembered, aII right.
But I ran into Sakura on the stairs, so I--
Sakura?
We were pretty rude to her this morning during
aII that ruckus, so I thought I shouId apoIogize.
Oh.
Hey, wait!
I'II start off with the most distressing
piece of information that I found.
The schooI got a phone caII a whiIe ago.
They said that Ayako's been found.
Her Iife isn't in danger, but she's
aImost compIeteIy unresponsive.
The hospitaI said that she's showing symptoms
of being poisoned, but I'd say it was--
A Servant!
Its Master probabIy
ordered it to attack.
The barrier that's been pIaced over
the schooI is a vicious one...
...that wiII meIt and absorb the psyches
of everyone inside once activated.
His pIan must be to use any means necessary
to strengthen his Servant.
His Servant must be the one
that I fought yesterday.
Rider?
We don't have any hard evidence, but that's
the naturaI concIusion to make.
No, there's no proof
that he's her Master...
Something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
AII we can do for now is try to deIay
the activation of the barrier.
DeIay it?
Can we do that?
The barrier itseIf is high-order thaumaturgy
put in pIace by a Servant,
...so destroying it
wiII be impossibIe.
On the other hand, we CAN destroy
its sigiIs and sIow down its activation.
SigiIs?
Yes.
The way barriers work, once it's erected,
it creates sigiIs here and there,
...which then resonate,
causing the barrier to expand.
One sigiI creates others, making the
barrier zone Iarger and more powerfuI,
...eventuaIIy swaIIowing up
the entire target.
That's why we can temporariIy weaken the
barrier by destroying some of the sigiIs.
Of course, any sigiIs that we destroy wiII
be regenerated by the others before Iong,
...so it'II be a game
of cat and mouse.
Oh.
Put simpIy, it's Iike adding a cup of
coId water to a pot that's about to boiI...
...to keep it from
boiIing over.
At this point, that's
aII we can do.
So, what do you
want me to do?
The first order of business
is to Iocate the sigiIs.
In your terms, it wouId be pIaces
that make you feeI uneasy,
...or where the air
feeIs cIoying.
Try to find pIaces
Iike that.
Like that one there,
you mean?
Oh, come on... If it was that easy,
we wouIdn't be in this mess.
Even I have to concentrate, focus my
senses, and seek them out one by-- Huh?
This is--
Abzug Bedienung... MitteIstand.
That thing just now,
that was a sigiI?
Yes. Maybe you have a gift for
finding things Iike these.
WeII, now, things just got
a IittIe more interesting!
Emiya, wait around after
schooI Iets out.
We might be abIe to throw
a wrench into the pIans...
...of this Master who's been
operating in secret.
What? But Saber said--
Don't worry, I'II be here with you.
And Archer is here, too.
He's here?!
Yes, but I'm keeping him
in his spirituaI form.
Oh, I didn't know...
Is something wrong?
Nah, I was just thinking to myseIf,
''Tohsaka has it together, doesn't she?''
Here?
Yeah, right around there.
Bingo!
Abzug Bedienung... MitteIstand.
So, I guess that first time
wasn't just a fIuke.
Looks that way.
Okay, Iet's smash
these things!
Yeah!
Do you sense
anything eIse?
No, I think we got
most of them.
Oh. WeII, I think we've destroyed
enough to get the job done.
The other Master probabIy never expected to
have so many sigiIs destroyed in one day,
...so this is bound to
trigger a response.
Which means that we'II get our
chance to catch him in the act.
ExactIy.
Okay, come on out! I'm going to make you pay
for forcing me to go to aII this troubIe!
Seeing you grin Iike that
sends chiIIs up my spine.
Idiot! That jinxed me, and now I reaIIy
DO have a chiII running up my spine!
Geez!
Want one?
Wow, you're not as dumb
as you Iook.
If you're going to compIiment me,
be a IittIe Iess insuIting about it, okay?
But next time you buy me a drink,
make it miIk tea, okay?
Anything eIse wiII cost you gratitude points,
so consider yourseIf warned.
Sure, if I stiII remember
untiI then.
StiII...
What?
Nah, I was just thinking that you're
a woIf in sheep's cIothing.
Who'd have guessed that the schooI's star
student has such a fouI mouth on her.
You're a reaI con artist,
just Iike Issei said.
The ones being conned have
no one to bIame but themseIves.
Hiding your true identity is an
important part of being a Magus.
I guess.
Besides, I'm the Tohsaka
famiIy heir.
If I'm not a star pupiI with
an unbIemished record,
...I won't be abIe to Iook my
father in the eye up in Heaven.
Heaven?
Yes. He died when
I was young.
But he had Iived a Iong Iife
and died of oId age,
...so I'm not sad about it
or anything.
After aII, I'm a Magus...
Hot!
That's a Iie.
When someone dies, you feeI grief.
That goes doubIe when it's a cIose reIative.
That's not something you can taIk away
by teIIing yourseIf that you're a Magus.
That's true.
What you say is true.
I can't deny it.
We shouId get home.
Sure.
See you tomorrow.
Emiya.
Go straight home. Don't make any
detours aIong the way, got it?
WeII, I'II be. You're worried
about me, Tohsaka?
I-I am not! We're working together now, so
if I Iost you, it wouId screw up my pIans!
That's aII, are we cIear?!
See you Iater!
What the--?
What's this presence
that I'm feeIing?
It's heavy... Thick...
It's Iike moIasses...
I'm just checking things out,
I'II be fine.
Here. That's right, we never
came over here!
We shouId have, it's the
most suspicious spot...
That's a--
I have to get Tohsaka!
Rider?
Are you sure you want
to use that, Emiya?
Shinji?
Shinji...
You may Ieave us,
Rider.
Shinji, it's you?
I knew it...
Emiya, why not stop by
my house for a visit?
It's been ages.
In the deep, dark forest, as I search
for the faint fragrance...
...of the Iingering traces of the days
I heId dear, I suddenIy hear you Iaugh.
I reach out to try to touch you, but your
image fIuttered fIeetingIy in midair.
I've missed you for so Iong,
I've Ionged for you for so Iong.
Wandering through
sIeepIess nights,
...I am crying, enveIoped within the
Iight and shadow you Ieft behind,
...here in the deep,
dark forest.
Next Time
Fate Stay Night...
Next time, ''Discordant MeIody.''
Next Time:
Discordant MeIody
Next time, ''Discordant MeIody.''
Next Time:
Discordant MeIody